No complication is necessary for the web app as I have fully deployed it onto the real web. Simply visit 
www.helphours.net.
Please not that while all the code for the website is also within the IDE and should be sent upon "submit50"
you can also find it here: https://github.com/jcrogoff/helphours.git

1) How to Use the Website
The website is meant for students only. 
Click "Make request" in order to make a request for help. Fill out all required feilds (please note that description is not
required and that on the website problem cannot be longer than 4 words). Then click the sumbit button. You can view your request
under the see request section. Please note that there is no way to remove requests from the webstie, this can only be done through
the app (this was on purpose). 


2) How to complie the android:
Compilation is necessary for the android app as I did not publish it to the android store. In order to compile
and run my project you need android studio. To download android studio please visit this link: 
https://developer.android.com/studio/index.html and choose the right version of android for your operating system.
The download is quite large, and may take anywhere up to 3 hours to download depending on web speeds. 
Then please follow this installation guide: https://developer.android.com/studio/install.html. Many computer run into
problems setting up android studio, especially windows computers (weird right?) this can often be due to issues
with setting up the ADB android debug bride. 

The guide below (which I made two years ago) should help you solve this problem, only refer to this guide if you
run into problems with the download:

A) Locating the driver and updating it.
    i) Find the location of the usb_driver folder. Do this by searching usb_driver in the C drive root 
    (located in your file explorer). My usb_driver folder was located in: 
    C:\Users\Richard\AppData\Local\Android\sdk\extras\google. You're driver should be located in 
    sdk\extras\google like mines; however, I don't know where you're sdk folder is located.
    ii) Once when you find location of the usb_driver, record it because you'll need it in the latter steps. 
    iii) Open your usb_driver folder, in this folder you should see a Setup Information file called android_winsub. 
    Leave this window open for now since it takes long to find it again.
    iv) Go to this link: http://pathofacoder.com/2013/08/08/how-to-enable-adb-in-windows-8-for-google-glass-xe7/. 
    On this page, download the link modified android_winsub.inf. The download should appear as latest_usb_drivers_windows.
    v) After the download is complete, open it and you should see usb_driver. This is a modified version of the original 
    driver you had. 
    vi) Open the newly downloaded usb_driver folder, you should see android_winsub file just like the one you saw in the original usb_driver folder.
    vii) Replace the android_winsub file in your original usb_driver with the new android_winsub file you received from 
    the download.
Finished!

Once you have android studio install and working, you will need to create and new project and download all the code from my
androidhelphours github repository. While I will be explaining all the steps to you here I strongly encourge you to
refer to this guide: https://www.londonappdeveloper.com/how-to-clone-a-github-project-on-android-studio/ it has pictures
and it very straightforward.

Open up android studio. Click "check out project from version control" and then click the "github" option.
You may need to enter your github credentials before proceeding. In the "host" fied make sure you type "github.com".
In the "git repository URL" field type: https://github.com/jcrogoff/helphoursandroid.git. In the "Parent Directory" field
choose where you would like the project to be stored on your computer. In "Director Name" you can type "helphoursandroid"
(this should come up by default when you paste in the git repo link). Finall click clone! 

Finally you will need to run the application (this step is the one that might not work if the ADB is not configured
correctly. Click "build" and then "make project". Be warned, it is going to look like a bunch of errors are popping up
but that is just the project configuring. This will take a few minutes. If you run into an error about "volley" or
"missing module dependancy" then please email me. I don't know how to fix this error without having you download volley
and then add a new module dependancy (even though volley and the dependacy should technically both be on the github repo. 
The volley that I used it from the same zip file that I downloaded like a year and half ago onto my computer for a different
project. I would need to make sure you are using that version and would want to send it to you over email. 

If no errors appear, take a minute to dance.

Then please click the green "run" button (it looks like a play button) on the top bar of android studio. Under "avalible 
virtual devices" you should see some kind of android device, for me it is a nexus. Please make sure that is selected and
then click okay. 

The applicaiton will take care of anything else but it may take forever. For me the first time I ran it, it took 10 minutes to
fully compile. (If you can, try to catch the splash screen that comes up upon loading of the application! If you miss it the 
first time just exit the app on the simulator (just like how you would exit an app on a real android, by clicking the little
app button and then clicking and dragging your application to the right) and run it again, it should run MUCH fast this time,
no more than a minute (it was slow before because it had to set up the whole emulator). 

And YAY! You're ready to use the app!

2) How to Use the App:
Please note two things. For some reason (and this may not be true for the emulator running on your system but it was 
for the one on mine) the emulator is not able to create accurate UTC (timezone of SQL) timestamps. This means under
"waittime" you may see negative numbers. Please ignore this. I was able to get my hand on a real android phone to 
test the app and the UTC time stamps were not a problem and were generated correctly on the android. Secondly please
note that the emulator is VERY VERY slow. It will not respond to clicks immediately. Please do not click multiple times
on the same object, as this could get you to a random screen. Just click and wait for the respond. This speed issue
is NOT due to my code. 

Click on "Make a Request" in order to make a request (as a student) to get help with a problem. Provide all information
nececary (table code is to indicate where you are sitting, an example is the table codes in annenburg, so for example
you could put "C3". Click "submit" and your request will be send to the server! You will be taken back to the "Main"
screen. Feel free to select either "Student Look" or "TF Look" . Under student look you will simply see a list of current 
problems and waittimes (I apolgize in advance for the names of my dummy data). If you click the "back" button on the android
simulator (the little backwards play button in the button corner), you can select TF look. In TF look you will again see
a list of problems but now you can select the one that you will wish to help with. Upon click, the app will display more 
info to you about the help request. If you click "Help" this will remove the request from the current or waiting requests
database and into the filled requests database. You can see this by going to the TF look or student look section. And that's
it! 
